# packages in environment at /data/mscholz_software/conda_envs/metscale2:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0           py39hde42818_1001    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.7.2            py39h07f9747_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               20.1.0           py39h07f9747_2    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
async_generator           1.10                       py_0    conda-forge
attrs                     20.2.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
bcrypt                    3.2.0            py39h07f9747_1    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.35                 h18a2f87_9    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.35                hc3fd857_29    conda-forge
bleach                    3.2.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.16.13            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.19.13            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h38d8fee_1001    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_3    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.16.1               h516909a_3    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.11.8            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cachetools                4.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h9f066cc_1006    conda-forge
cerberus                  1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2020.11.8        py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.3           py39h0da4893_1    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4           py39h079e4ff_1008    conda-forge
configargparse            1.2.3              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.2.1            py39h01d1d65_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.71.1               he644dc0_8    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2            py39h07f9747_1    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               hfdff14a_1    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
dephell                   0.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-archive           0.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-argparse          0.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-changelogs        0.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-discover          0.2.10                   pypi_0    pypi
dephell-licenses          0.1.7                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-links             0.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-markers           1.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-pythons           0.1.15                   pypi_0    pypi
dephell-setuptools        0.2.4                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-shells            0.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-specifier         0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
dephell-venvs             0.1.18                   pypi_0    pypi
dephell-versioning        0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
docutils                  0.16             py39h079e4ff_2    conda-forge
dropbox                   10.4.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             py39hde42818_1002    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.9                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h7e3eb15_1002    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h7ca028e_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
ftputil                   4.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         9.3.0               h28f5a38_17    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              9.3.0               h7247604_29    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hf34092f_1004    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    9.3.0               h2bb4189_17    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         9.3.0               ha1c937c_29    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.11                     py_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.66.2               h58526e2_0    conda-forge
google-api-core           1.22.4             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-auth               1.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         1.4.3              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      1.31.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-crc32c             1.0.0            py39hd6eca3f_1    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    1.1.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.52.0           py39hf3d152e_1    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
graphviz                  2.42.3               h0511662_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.33.2           py39h0c26d4f_2    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  hf94e986_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.14.5               h0935bb2_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.5               h36ae1b5_2    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         9.3.0               h53cdd4c_17    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              9.3.0               h0d07fa4_29    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.7.2                hb1ce69c_1    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.5          nompi_h1022a3e_1110    conda-forge
icu                       67.1                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        2.0.0                      py_1    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        2.0.0                         1    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.3.4            py39h9cd51e4_1    conda-forge
ipython                   7.19.0           py39hef51801_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.2           py39hde42818_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  0.10.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.7                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.6.3            py39hde42818_2    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              h77966d4_13    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.1            py39h081fc7a_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               hfafb76e_3    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.11                 hcbb858e_1    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.35                 h769bd43_9    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0                2_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                2_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  10.0.1          default_hde54327_1    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.1                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.71.1               hcdd3856_8    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               hcdb4288_3    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1007    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     9.3.0               hfd08b2a_17    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.3.0               h5dbcf3e_17    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            9.3.0               he4bcb1c_17    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               he4bcb1c_17    conda-forge
libglib                   2.66.2               hbe7bbb4_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.3.0               h5dbcf3e_17    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                2_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm10                 10.0.1               he513fc3_3    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.41.0               h8cfc5f6_2    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.12          pthreads_h4812303_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h21135ba_2    conda-forge
libpq                     12.3                 h5513abc_2    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.13.0.1             h8b12597_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h516909a_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hab1572f_5    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  9.3.0               h4084dd6_17    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.3.0               h2ae2ef3_17    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                h4f3a223_6    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h58526e2_1006    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.1.0                h36c2ea0_3    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              0.10.0               he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               h68273f3_2    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.2                he1b5a44_3    conda-forge
m2r                       0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py39h38d8fee_2    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.3.3            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.3.3            py39h98787fa_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py39h07f9747_1002    conda-forge
multidict                 4.7.5            py39h07f9747_2    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.21                        2    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.21               hf3661c5_2    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.0.7            py39hde42818_2    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.0.8                      py_0    conda-forge
ncbi-ngs-sdk              2.10.4               h3e72335_1    bioconda
ncurses                   6.2                  h58526e2_3    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  2.5                        py_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.1.4            py39hde42818_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.29                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
nss                       3.58                 h27285de_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.4           py39h57d35e7_1    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1h               h516909a_0    conda-forge
osfclient                 0.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
ossuuid                   1.6.2             hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
packaging                 20.4               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.1.4            py39h9cfe711_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.11.0.4             hd18ef5c_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               h80147aa_5    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.7.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.7.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.35                h279444b_1    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            h36c2ea0_1008    conda-forge
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7044                  pl526_1    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.004                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20140910.003            pl526_0    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.173                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-encode               2.88                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.36                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-path            2.16                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304                  pl526_2    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.15                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-uri                  1.76                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-libxml           2.0132          pl526h7ec2d77_1    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax              1.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24                    pl526_0    bioconda
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.0.1            py39h397ff4d_0    conda-forge
pip                       19.3.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
prettytable               1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.8                      py_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.13.0.1         py39hf149a3a_1    conda-forge
psutil                    5.7.3            py39h38d8fee_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                   py_1001    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.7.2                      py_0    conda-forge
pygraphviz                1.6              py39ha838a93_1    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.4.0            py39h07f9747_2    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py39h03dd644_4    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtchart                 5.12                     pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py39h07f9747_1    conda-forge
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39h079e4ff_2    conda-forge
python                    3.9.0           h2a148a8_4_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        0.8.2                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      1_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.3.1            py39h38d8fee_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     19.0.2           py39hb69f2a1_2    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.9               h1f2b2cb_0    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-backports               1.2.0             r40h9e2df91_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.0.3                hc603457_2    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r40hcdcec82_1004    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.1             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_25            r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.0             r40h9e2df91_1    conda-forge
r-broom                   0.7.2             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.5.1             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-caret                   6.0_86            r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_17            r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-cli                     2.1.0             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.1             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.0             r40h580db52_4    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_17            r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              1.4_1             r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.7             r40hcdcec82_1002    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.2.3             r40h142f84f_1    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.1.0.1           r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-crul                    1.0.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3               r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.13.2            r40h0eb13af_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  2.0.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.2.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.2             r40h9e2df91_1    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.27            r40h1b71b39_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.0.2             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.16              r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.1             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-essentials              4.0                    r40_2002    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.1             r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.0.3             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.0.1             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.5.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.1             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_80            r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.7               r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.5.0             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.3.2             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-gistr                   0.9.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-glmnet                  4.0_2             r40h580db52_1    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.4.2             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-gower                   0.2.2             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r40h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.3.1             r40hde08347_0    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.1            r40h580db52_2    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-hms                     0.5.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.0             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.5.2             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-httpcode                0.3.0                     r40_1    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.5.4             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.2             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ipred                   0.9_9             r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-irdisplay               0.7                    r40_1002    conda-forge
r-irkernel                1.1.1             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.2             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.13            r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.7.1             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_18           r40h742201e_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.30              r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-later                   1.1.0.1           r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_41           r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-lava                    1.6.8.1           r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               0.2.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.7.9             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-maps                    3.3.0           r40hcdcec82_1004    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_53            r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_18            r40h7fa42b6_3    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_33            r40h7fa42b6_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.9               r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-modelmetrics            1.2.2.2           r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-modelr                  0.1.8             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_150           r40h580db52_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_14            r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-numderiv                2016.8_1.1        r40h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.4.3             r40he5c4762_0    conda-forge
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_3.1           r40h7669aee_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.6             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.1.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.1.0             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.6             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r40h6115d3f_1004    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-proc                    1.16.2            r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-processx                3.4.4             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-prodlim                 2019.11.13        r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-promises                1.1.1             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-pryr                    0.1.4           r40h0357c0b_1004    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.4.0             r40h0eb13af_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.4             r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-quantmod                0.4.17            r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.8.1             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.24.0            r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.10.1            r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.0             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-randomforest            4.6_14          r40h580db52_1004    conda-forge
r-rbokeh                  0.5.1             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.4.6           r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.4.0             r40h1b71b39_0    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r40hde08347_4    conda-forge
r-recipes                 0.1.14            r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-recommended             4.0                    r40_1004    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-repr                    1.1.0             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-reprex                  0.3.0             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-rjson                   0.2.20          r40h0357c0b_1002    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.8             r40h9e2df91_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.5               r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               1.3_2           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.11              r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rvest                   0.3.6             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.1.1             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_2             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-shape                   1.4.5                     r40_0    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.5.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7           r40he1b5a44_1002    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_12            r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-squarem                 2020.5            r40h142f84f_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.5.3             r40h604b29c_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-survival                3.2_7             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4               r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.0.0             r40he524a50_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.0.4             r40h0eb13af_0    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.1.2             r40h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.1.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tidyverse               1.3.0             r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-timedate                3043.102        r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.27              r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-triebeard               0.3.0           r40he1b5a44_1003    conda-forge
r-ttr                     0.24.2            r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-urltools                1.7.3             r40h0357c0b_2    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r40hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-uuid                    0.1_4             r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.3.4             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.2.2             r40hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.4               r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.3.0             r40h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.19              r40h9e2df91_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.2             r40h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r40h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-xts                     0.12.1            r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.1             r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-zoo                     1.8_8             r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
ratelimiter               1.2.0                   py_1002    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
requests                  2.24.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.6                pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ruamel-yaml               0.16.12                  pypi_0    pypi
s3transfer                0.3.3                      py_3    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  hbfbb72e_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                49.6.0           py39h079e4ff_2    conda-forge
shellingham               1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
smmap                     3.0.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 5.5.3                         0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         5.5.3                      py_0    bioconda
sqlite                    3.33.0               h4cf870e_1    conda-forge
sra-tools                 2.10.8          pl526haddd2b5_0    bioconda
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                h77966d4_13    conda-forge
terminado                 0.9.1            py39hde42818_1    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_1    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
tomlkit                   0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.1              py39hbd71b63_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.51.0                   pypi_0    pypi
traitlets                 5.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         3.7.4.3                       0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.7.4.3                    py_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2020d                h516909a_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.11                    py_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.35.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.11.2           py39h07f9747_1    conda-forge
xmlrunner                 1.7.7                      py_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.12               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxpm               3.5.13               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.1.5             h516909a_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
yarl                      1.6.2            py39h07f9747_0    conda-forge
yaspin                    1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
zeromq                    4.3.3                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1010    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.5                h6597ccf_2    conda-forge
